ABOUT:

 

Who We Are:

NOA Tech an Indigenous owned communications and remote power solutions provider based in Perth, Western Australia.

Our vision is to create better ways to live; merging new technologies with ancient wisdom. The eye in our logo is based on the wedge-tail eagle, a powerful symbol within Tjiwarl Culture, a guardian in the sky watching over our land and waters.

 

What We Do:

NOA Tech has a prime focus on consultancy, supply and support services in the Radio, IOT and Satellite Communications domains and our aim is to create a regional emerging & converging communications technology supply & support base whilst empowering our communities.

We believe that our customers come first - our business ethos is that strong customer-vendor relationships and trust are vital for ongoing success.

 

Meet the Team:

 

Michael Tullock:

Michael is a senior Tjiwarl law man (Wati) and is proud to be appointed by his family to care for Country and represent the rights and interests of native title holders to protect their cultural heritage. He is inspired by the community’s indigenous leaders and elders, both past and present, and aspires to contribute to the amazing legacy of Ancient Australians and the spirit of innovation within present and future Australians.

 

He currently serves as:

    Chairperson for Tarlka Matuwa Piarku Aboriginal Corporation RNTBC, the PBC for the Wiluna Native Title Determination
    Member Director with the Tjiwarl Aboriginal Corporation
    Chairman of The Keeping Place

 

Khan John:

Khan John is a Nyikina man from the Kimberleys; however, he spent a large proportion of his adolescent life on Yawuru Country in Broome. He graduated from Broome Senior High school in 2016 and in 2017 enrolled at Curtin university to complete a Double Bachelor’s Degree in Chemical Engineering and Management. When he left school, he envisioned himself helping the Kimberleys communities by upskilling local mob, improving remote community livelihood and being a positive role model for the younger generation.

 

Kanella Trust:

Kanella Trust is a Perth based Family trust with interests in:

Waves Group with offices in UAE, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain and a presence in KSA.

    Sedi Energy based in WA with the acquisition of Sedi Germany
    XtraLink with offices in UAE, South Africa and Netherlands

 

James Samuel is the director of Kanella trust and managing director of NOA Tech.

 

SOLUTIONS:

 

In-Building Radio & GPS Coverage Solutions:

Tailored solutions using digital repeaters offer our customers uninterrupted GPS coverage in locations with typically poor reception such as inside buildings, tunnels, shopping centres and vehicles operating in remote areas.

 

Digital Two-Way Radio Systems:

Digital radio standard systems that fulfill critical communications requirements while allowing group calls, dynamic groups, messaging and direct mode communications. Our systems are scalable, ranging from small private systems to larger public networks.

 

RF Over Fiber

NOA Tech has partnerships with operators who manufacture and develop high performance, competitively priced RF and Microwave systems and solutions.

 

Body Camera Solutions:

Body cameras to protect staff and assets, review incidents and gather evidence. The use of body cameras has been proven to deter aggression towards personnel and protect front-line workers.

 

Private LTE Small Cell Solutions:

NOA Tech offers reliable LTE infrastructure solutions providing high-speed mobile communication while drastically minimizing total cost of ownership and operation.

 

INDUSTRIES:

 

Mining:

Robust and reliable radio communications services for mine sites in remote locations providing data as well as critical communications.

 

Oil and Gas

Certified intrinsically safe communications equipment designed for use in hazardous environments

 

Construction:

Secure multi-channel radio networks to ensure simple and clear communication between all users without interference.

 

Emergency Services & Public Safety:

Mission critical solutions that can provide wide area coverage and clear, low noise voice radio as well as data transmission

 

Manufacturing:

Effective communications systems in high noise environment and ruggedized solutions to ensure maximum productivity.

 

Local Government:

Flexible solutions that meet the everyday demands of local government personnel and service providers.

 

Solar/Renewable Energy Solutions:

With ever increasing distances from the base, the need for reliable, robust end-to-end services increases and thus increasing the requirements to keep all parts of operations in constant and immediate contact with minimal human intervention.

 

Maritime:

Whether you require voice or data, our maritime range has a solution that keeps you connected to other vessels, or back to land.